(01)What are the benefits of using CSS?
CSS handles the look and feel part of a web page.

(02)What are the disadvantages of CSS?
• CSS, CSS 1 up to CSS3, result in creating of confusion among web browsers.
• With CSS, what works with one browser might not always work with another. ...
• There exists a scarcity of security.
• After making the changes we need to confirm the compatibility if they appear.

(03)What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules,
which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle.
With CSS3, the designers can now use special fonts, like those available in Google Fonts and Typecast.

(04)Name a few CSS style components 
[i]Selecter:HTML element name, id name, class name.
[ii]Property:It's like an attribute such as background color,font-size,position,text-align,color,border etc.
[iii]Values:which defines property or values allocate for properties.

(05)What do you understand by CSS opacity?
Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency.

(06)How can the background color of an element be changed?
• Add a CSS class to the div you'd like to change. First, find the div in your HTML code and add a class to the opening tag. ...
• Add the new class selector to your CSS code. Next, head over to your CSS code and add your new class selector. ...
• Choose a new background color.

(07)How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
use the background-repeat property.

(08)What is the use of the background-position property?
The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image.
Tip: By default, a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

(09)Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

(10)Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
There are two reasons behind this:[i]It enhances the legibility of style sheets. 
                                  The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, 
                                  the complexity will further increase.

					    [ii]Color is an inherited property while the background is not. So this can make confusion further.


(11)How to center block elements using CSS1?
Margin property.


(12)How to maintain the CSS specifications?
The CSS specifications are maintained by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).


(13)What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page? 
[i]Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements
[ii]Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section
[iii]External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file


(14)What is embedded style sheets?
It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place.


(15)What are the external style sheets?
An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage. 


(16)What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
[i]The advantages of External Style sheets are: The style of several documents can be controlled from site by using them. 
[ii]Disadvantages of External CSS: Your pages may not be rendered correctly until the external CSS is loaded.

(17)What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 
A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule.
It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.


(18)What are the media types allowed by CSS?
• Continuous or paged.
• Cisual, audio, speech, or tactile.
• Grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.



(19)What is the rule set?
A rule or "rule set" is a statement that tells browsers how to render particular elements on an HTML page.  
A rule set consists of a selector followed by a declaration block.